README.md, before:

# terraform-aws-alb
Terraform module which creates an alb

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.59 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws.glue"></a> [aws.glue](#provider\_aws.glue) | >= 4.59 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_alb"></a> [alb](#module\_alb) | terraform-aws-modules/alb/aws | 8.7.0 |
| <a name="module_this"></a> [this](#module\_this) | justtrackio/label/null | 0.26.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_glue_catalog_table.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/glue_catalog_table) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_access_logs"></a> [access\_logs](#input\_access\_logs) | Map containing access logging configuration for load balancer. | <pre>object({<br>    bucket  = string<br>    prefix  = string<br>    enabled = bool<br>  })</pre> | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_access_logs_bucket_id"></a> [access\_logs\_bucket\_id](#input\_access\_logs\_bucket\_id) | The S3 bucket name to store the logs in | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_access_logs_enabled"></a> [access\_logs\_enabled](#input\_access\_logs\_enabled) | A boolean flag to enable/disable access\_logs | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_access_logs_prefix"></a> [access\_logs\_prefix](#input\_access\_logs\_prefix) | The S3 log bucket prefix | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_additional_tag_map"></a> [additional\_tag\_map](#input\_additional\_tag\_map) | Additional key-value pairs to add to each map in `tags_as_list_of_maps`. Not added to `tags` or `id`.<br>This is for some rare cases where resources want additional configuration of tags<br>and therefore take a list of maps with tag key, value, and additional configuration. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_attributes"></a> [attributes](#input\_attributes) | ID element. Additional attributes (e.g. `workers` or `cluster`) to add to `id`,<br>in the order they appear in the list. New attributes are appended to the<br>end of the list. The elements of the list are joined by the `delimiter`<br>and treated as a single ID element. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_aws_account_id"></a> [aws\_account\_id](#input\_aws\_account\_id) | AWS account id | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_aws_account_id_monitoring"></a> [aws\_account\_id\_monitoring](#input\_aws\_account\_id\_monitoring) | AWS account id for monitoring account where the s3 bucket will be | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | AWS region | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_context"></a> [context](#input\_context) | Single object for setting entire context at once.<br>See description of individual variables for details.<br>Leave string and numeric variables as `null` to use default value.<br>Individual variable settings (non-null) override settings in context object,<br>except for attributes, tags, and additional\_tag\_map, which are merged. | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "additional_tag_map": {},<br>  "attributes": [],<br>  "delimiter": null,<br>  "descriptor_formats": {},<br>  "enabled": true,<br>  "environment": null,<br>  "id_length_limit": null,<br>  "label_key_case": null,<br>  "label_order": [],<br>  "label_value_case": null,<br>  "labels_as_tags": [<br>    "unset"<br>  ],<br>  "name": null,<br>  "namespace": null,<br>  "regex_replace_chars": null,<br>  "stage": null,<br>  "tags": {},<br>  "tenant": null<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_delimiter"></a> [delimiter](#input\_delimiter) | Delimiter to be used between ID elements.<br>Defaults to `-` (hyphen). Set to `""` to use no delimiter at all. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_descriptor_formats"></a> [descriptor\_formats](#input\_descriptor\_formats) | Describe additional descriptors to be output in the `descriptors` output map.<br>Map of maps. Keys are names of descriptors. Values are maps of the form<br>`{<br>   format = string<br>   labels = list(string)<br>}`<br>(Type is `any` so the map values can later be enhanced to provide additional options.)<br>`format` is a Terraform format string to be passed to the `format()` function.<br>`labels` is a list of labels, in order, to pass to `format()` function.<br>Label values will be normalized before being passed to `format()` so they will be<br>identical to how they appear in `id`.<br>Default is `{}` (`descriptors` output will be empty). | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_xff_client_port"></a> [enable\_xff\_client\_port](#input\_enable\_xff\_client\_port) | Indicates whether the X-Forwarded-For header should preserve the source port that the client used to connect to the load balancer in application load balancers. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled"></a> [enabled](#input\_enabled) | Set to false to prevent the module from creating any resources | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | ID element. Usually used for region e.g. 'uw2', 'us-west-2', OR role 'prod', 'staging', 'dev', 'UAT' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_extra_ssl_certs"></a> [extra\_ssl\_certs](#input\_extra\_ssl\_certs) | A list of maps describing any extra SSL certificates to apply to the HTTPS listeners. Required key/values: certificate\_arn, https\_listener\_index (the index of the listener within https\_listeners which the cert applies toward). | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_http_tcp_listeners"></a> [http\_tcp\_listeners](#input\_http\_tcp\_listeners) | A list of maps describing the HTTP listeners or TCP ports for this ALB. Required key/values: port, protocol. Optional key/values: target\_group\_index (defaults to http\_tcp\_listeners[count.index]) | `any` | <pre>[<br>  {<br>    "action_type": "fixed-response",<br>    "fixed_response": {<br>      "content_type": "text/plain",<br>      "message_body": "Fixed message",<br>      "status_code": "404"<br>    },<br>    "port": 80,<br>    "protocol": "HTTP"<br>  }<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_https_listeners"></a> [https\_listeners](#input\_https\_listeners) | A list of maps describing the HTTPS listeners for this ALB. Required key/values: port, certificate\_arn. Optional key/values: ssl\_policy (defaults to ELBSecurityPolicy-2016-08), target\_group\_index (defaults to https\_listeners[count.index]) | `any` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_id_length_limit"></a> [id\_length\_limit](#input\_id\_length\_limit) | Limit `id` to this many characters (minimum 6).<br>Set to `0` for unlimited length.<br>Set to `null` for keep the existing setting, which defaults to `0`.<br>Does not affect `id_full`. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_idle_timeout"></a> [idle\_timeout](#input\_idle\_timeout) | The time in seconds that the connection is allowed to be idle. | `number` | `60` | no |
| <a name="input_ip_address_type"></a> [ip\_address\_type](#input\_ip\_address\_type) | The type of IP addresses used by the subnets for your load balancer. The possible values are ipv4 and dualstack. | `string` | `"dualstack"` | no |
| <a name="input_label_key_case"></a> [label\_key\_case](#input\_label\_key\_case) | Controls the letter case of the `tags` keys (label names) for tags generated by this module.<br>Does not affect keys of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper`.<br>Default value: `title`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_order"></a> [label\_order](#input\_label\_order) | The order in which the labels (ID elements) appear in the `id`.<br>Defaults to ["namespace", "environment", "stage", "name", "attributes"].<br>You can omit any of the 6 labels ("tenant" is the 6th), but at least one must be present. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_value_case"></a> [label\_value\_case](#input\_label\_value\_case) | Controls the letter case of ID elements (labels) as included in `id`,<br>set as tag values, and output by this module individually.<br>Does not affect values of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper` and `none` (no transformation).<br>Set this to `title` and set `delimiter` to `""` to yield Pascal Case IDs.<br>Default value: `lower`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_labels_as_tags"></a> [labels\_as\_tags](#input\_labels\_as\_tags) | Set of labels (ID elements) to include as tags in the `tags` output.<br>Default is to include all labels.<br>Tags with empty values will not be included in the `tags` output.<br>Set to `[]` to suppress all generated tags.<br>**Notes:**<br>  The value of the `name` tag, if included, will be the `id`, not the `name`.<br>  Unlike other `null-label` inputs, the initial setting of `labels_as_tags` cannot be<br>  changed in later chained modules. Attempts to change it will be silently ignored. | `set(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "default"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_load_balancer_type"></a> [load\_balancer\_type](#input\_load\_balancer\_type) | The type of load balancer to create. Possible values are application or network. | `string` | `"application"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | ID element. Usually the component or solution name, e.g. 'app' or 'jenkins'.<br>This is the only ID element not also included as a `tag`.<br>The "name" tag is set to the full `id` string. There is no tag with the value of the `name` input. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | ID element. Usually an abbreviation of your organization name, e.g. 'eg' or 'cp', to help ensure generated IDs are globally unique | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_organizational_unit"></a> [organizational\_unit](#input\_organizational\_unit) | Usually used to indicate the AWS organizational unit, e.g. 'prod', 'sdlc' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_regex_replace_chars"></a> [regex\_replace\_chars](#input\_regex\_replace\_chars) | Terraform regular expression (regex) string.<br>Characters matching the regex will be removed from the ID elements.<br>If not set, `"/[^a-zA-Z0-9-]/"` is used to remove all characters other than hyphens, letters and digits. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_rules"></a> [security\_group\_rules](#input\_security\_group\_rules) | Security group rules to add to the security group created | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "egress_all": {<br>    "cidr_blocks": [<br>      "0.0.0.0/0"<br>    ],<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "ipv6_cidr_blocks": [<br>      "::/0"<br>    ],<br>    "protocol": "-1",<br>    "to_port": 0,<br>    "type": "egress"<br>  },<br>  "ingress_all_http": {<br>    "cidr_blocks": [<br>      "0.0.0.0/0"<br>    ],<br>    "description": "HTTP web traffic",<br>    "from_port": 80,<br>    "ipv6_cidr_blocks": [<br>      "::/0"<br>    ],<br>    "protocol": "tcp",<br>    "to_port": 80,<br>    "type": "ingress"<br>  },<br>  "ingress_all_https": {<br>    "cidr_blocks": [<br>      "0.0.0.0/0"<br>    ],<br>    "description": "HTTPS web traffic",<br>    "from_port": 443,<br>    "ipv6_cidr_blocks": [<br>      "::/0"<br>    ],<br>    "protocol": "tcp",<br>    "to_port": 443,<br>    "type": "ingress"<br>  }<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | ID element. Usually used to indicate role, e.g. 'prod', 'staging', 'source', 'build', 'test', 'deploy', 'release' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnets"></a> [subnets](#input\_subnets) | A list of subnets to associate with the load balancer. e.g. ['subnet-1a2b3c4d','subnet-1a2b3c4e','subnet-1a2b3c4f'] | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Additional tags (e.g. `{'BusinessUnit': 'XYZ'}`).<br>Neither the tag keys nor the tag values will be modified by this module. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tenant"></a> [tenant](#input\_tenant) | ID element \_(Rarely used, not included by default)\_. A customer identifier, indicating who this instance of a resource is for | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | VPC id where the load balancer and other resources will be deployed. | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_lb_dns_name"></a> [lb\_dns\_name](#output\_lb\_dns\_name) | The DNS name of the load balancer |
| <a name="output_lb_zone_id"></a> [lb\_zone\_id](#output\_lb\_zone\_id) | The zone\_id of the load balancer to assist with creating DNS records |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

feat: add new outputs for listener arns (#22)
## Description
This PR adds new outputs for listeners arn.

README.md, after:

# terraform-aws-alb
Terraform module which creates an alb

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.59 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws.glue"></a> [aws.glue](#provider\_aws.glue) | >= 4.59 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_alb"></a> [alb](#module\_alb) | terraform-aws-modules/alb/aws | 8.7.0 |
| <a name="module_this"></a> [this](#module\_this) | justtrackio/label/null | 0.26.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_glue_catalog_table.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/glue_catalog_table) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_access_logs"></a> [access\_logs](#input\_access\_logs) | Map containing access logging configuration for load balancer. | <pre>object({<br>    bucket  = string<br>    prefix  = string<br>    enabled = bool<br>  })</pre> | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_access_logs_bucket_id"></a> [access\_logs\_bucket\_id](#input\_access\_logs\_bucket\_id) | The S3 bucket name to store the logs in | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_access_logs_enabled"></a> [access\_logs\_enabled](#input\_access\_logs\_enabled) | A boolean flag to enable/disable access\_logs | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_access_logs_prefix"></a> [access\_logs\_prefix](#input\_access\_logs\_prefix) | The S3 log bucket prefix | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_additional_tag_map"></a> [additional\_tag\_map](#input\_additional\_tag\_map) | Additional key-value pairs to add to each map in `tags_as_list_of_maps`. Not added to `tags` or `id`.<br>This is for some rare cases where resources want additional configuration of tags<br>and therefore take a list of maps with tag key, value, and additional configuration. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_attributes"></a> [attributes](#input\_attributes) | ID element. Additional attributes (e.g. `workers` or `cluster`) to add to `id`,<br>in the order they appear in the list. New attributes are appended to the<br>end of the list. The elements of the list are joined by the `delimiter`<br>and treated as a single ID element. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_aws_account_id"></a> [aws\_account\_id](#input\_aws\_account\_id) | AWS account id | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_aws_account_id_monitoring"></a> [aws\_account\_id\_monitoring](#input\_aws\_account\_id\_monitoring) | AWS account id for monitoring account where the s3 bucket will be | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | AWS region | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_context"></a> [context](#input\_context) | Single object for setting entire context at once.<br>See description of individual variables for details.<br>Leave string and numeric variables as `null` to use default value.<br>Individual variable settings (non-null) override settings in context object,<br>except for attributes, tags, and additional\_tag\_map, which are merged. | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "additional_tag_map": {},<br>  "attributes": [],<br>  "delimiter": null,<br>  "descriptor_formats": {},<br>  "enabled": true,<br>  "environment": null,<br>  "id_length_limit": null,<br>  "label_key_case": null,<br>  "label_order": [],<br>  "label_value_case": null,<br>  "labels_as_tags": [<br>    "unset"<br>  ],<br>  "name": null,<br>  "namespace": null,<br>  "regex_replace_chars": null,<br>  "stage": null,<br>  "tags": {},<br>  "tenant": null<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_delimiter"></a> [delimiter](#input\_delimiter) | Delimiter to be used between ID elements.<br>Defaults to `-` (hyphen). Set to `""` to use no delimiter at all. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_descriptor_formats"></a> [descriptor\_formats](#input\_descriptor\_formats) | Describe additional descriptors to be output in the `descriptors` output map.<br>Map of maps. Keys are names of descriptors. Values are maps of the form<br>`{<br>   format = string<br>   labels = list(string)<br>}`<br>(Type is `any` so the map values can later be enhanced to provide additional options.)<br>`format` is a Terraform format string to be passed to the `format()` function.<br>`labels` is a list of labels, in order, to pass to `format()` function.<br>Label values will be normalized before being passed to `format()` so they will be<br>identical to how they appear in `id`.<br>Default is `{}` (`descriptors` output will be empty). | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_xff_client_port"></a> [enable\_xff\_client\_port](#input\_enable\_xff\_client\_port) | Indicates whether the X-Forwarded-For header should preserve the source port that the client used to connect to the load balancer in application load balancers. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled"></a> [enabled](#input\_enabled) | Set to false to prevent the module from creating any resources | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | ID element. Usually used for region e.g. 'uw2', 'us-west-2', OR role 'prod', 'staging', 'dev', 'UAT' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_extra_ssl_certs"></a> [extra\_ssl\_certs](#input\_extra\_ssl\_certs) | A list of maps describing any extra SSL certificates to apply to the HTTPS listeners. Required key/values: certificate\_arn, https\_listener\_index (the index of the listener within https\_listeners which the cert applies toward). | `list(map(string))` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_http_tcp_listeners"></a> [http\_tcp\_listeners](#input\_http\_tcp\_listeners) | A list of maps describing the HTTP listeners or TCP ports for this ALB. Required key/values: port, protocol. Optional key/values: target\_group\_index (defaults to http\_tcp\_listeners[count.index]) | `any` | <pre>[<br>  {<br>    "action_type": "fixed-response",<br>    "fixed_response": {<br>      "content_type": "text/plain",<br>      "message_body": "Fixed message",<br>      "status_code": "404"<br>    },<br>    "port": 80,<br>    "protocol": "HTTP"<br>  }<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_https_listeners"></a> [https\_listeners](#input\_https\_listeners) | A list of maps describing the HTTPS listeners for this ALB. Required key/values: port, certificate\_arn. Optional key/values: ssl\_policy (defaults to ELBSecurityPolicy-2016-08), target\_group\_index (defaults to https\_listeners[count.index]) | `any` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_id_length_limit"></a> [id\_length\_limit](#input\_id\_length\_limit) | Limit `id` to this many characters (minimum 6).<br>Set to `0` for unlimited length.<br>Set to `null` for keep the existing setting, which defaults to `0`.<br>Does not affect `id_full`. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_idle_timeout"></a> [idle\_timeout](#input\_idle\_timeout) | The time in seconds that the connection is allowed to be idle. | `number` | `60` | no |
| <a name="input_ip_address_type"></a> [ip\_address\_type](#input\_ip\_address\_type) | The type of IP addresses used by the subnets for your load balancer. The possible values are ipv4 and dualstack. | `string` | `"dualstack"` | no |
| <a name="input_label_key_case"></a> [label\_key\_case](#input\_label\_key\_case) | Controls the letter case of the `tags` keys (label names) for tags generated by this module.<br>Does not affect keys of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper`.<br>Default value: `title`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_order"></a> [label\_order](#input\_label\_order) | The order in which the labels (ID elements) appear in the `id`.<br>Defaults to ["namespace", "environment", "stage", "name", "attributes"].<br>You can omit any of the 6 labels ("tenant" is the 6th), but at least one must be present. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_value_case"></a> [label\_value\_case](#input\_label\_value\_case) | Controls the letter case of ID elements (labels) as included in `id`,<br>set as tag values, and output by this module individually.<br>Does not affect values of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper` and `none` (no transformation).<br>Set this to `title` and set `delimiter` to `""` to yield Pascal Case IDs.<br>Default value: `lower`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_labels_as_tags"></a> [labels\_as\_tags](#input\_labels\_as\_tags) | Set of labels (ID elements) to include as tags in the `tags` output.<br>Default is to include all labels.<br>Tags with empty values will not be included in the `tags` output.<br>Set to `[]` to suppress all generated tags.<br>**Notes:**<br>  The value of the `name` tag, if included, will be the `id`, not the `name`.<br>  Unlike other `null-label` inputs, the initial setting of `labels_as_tags` cannot be<br>  changed in later chained modules. Attempts to change it will be silently ignored. | `set(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "default"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_load_balancer_type"></a> [load\_balancer\_type](#input\_load\_balancer\_type) | The type of load balancer to create. Possible values are application or network. | `string` | `"application"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | ID element. Usually the component or solution name, e.g. 'app' or 'jenkins'.<br>This is the only ID element not also included as a `tag`.<br>The "name" tag is set to the full `id` string. There is no tag with the value of the `name` input. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | ID element. Usually an abbreviation of your organization name, e.g. 'eg' or 'cp', to help ensure generated IDs are globally unique | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_organizational_unit"></a> [organizational\_unit](#input\_organizational\_unit) | Usually used to indicate the AWS organizational unit, e.g. 'prod', 'sdlc' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_regex_replace_chars"></a> [regex\_replace\_chars](#input\_regex\_replace\_chars) | Terraform regular expression (regex) string.<br>Characters matching the regex will be removed from the ID elements.<br>If not set, `"/[^a-zA-Z0-9-]/"` is used to remove all characters other than hyphens, letters and digits. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_rules"></a> [security\_group\_rules](#input\_security\_group\_rules) | Security group rules to add to the security group created | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "egress_all": {<br>    "cidr_blocks": [<br>      "0.0.0.0/0"<br>    ],<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "ipv6_cidr_blocks": [<br>      "::/0"<br>    ],<br>    "protocol": "-1",<br>    "to_port": 0,<br>    "type": "egress"<br>  },<br>  "ingress_all_http": {<br>    "cidr_blocks": [<br>      "0.0.0.0/0"<br>    ],<br>    "description": "HTTP web traffic",<br>    "from_port": 80,<br>    "ipv6_cidr_blocks": [<br>      "::/0"<br>    ],<br>    "protocol": "tcp",<br>    "to_port": 80,<br>    "type": "ingress"<br>  },<br>  "ingress_all_https": {<br>    "cidr_blocks": [<br>      "0.0.0.0/0"<br>    ],<br>    "description": "HTTPS web traffic",<br>    "from_port": 443,<br>    "ipv6_cidr_blocks": [<br>      "::/0"<br>    ],<br>    "protocol": "tcp",<br>    "to_port": 443,<br>    "type": "ingress"<br>  }<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | ID element. Usually used to indicate role, e.g. 'prod', 'staging', 'source', 'build', 'test', 'deploy', 'release' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnets"></a> [subnets](#input\_subnets) | A list of subnets to associate with the load balancer. e.g. ['subnet-1a2b3c4d','subnet-1a2b3c4e','subnet-1a2b3c4f'] | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Additional tags (e.g. `{'BusinessUnit': 'XYZ'}`).<br>Neither the tag keys nor the tag values will be modified by this module. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tenant"></a> [tenant](#input\_tenant) | ID element \_(Rarely used, not included by default)\_. A customer identifier, indicating who this instance of a resource is for | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | VPC id where the load balancer and other resources will be deployed. | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_http_tcp_listener_arns"></a> [http\_tcp\_listener\_arns](#output\_http\_tcp\_listener\_arns) | The ARN of the TCP and HTTP load balancer listeners created. |
| <a name="output_https_listener_arns"></a> [https\_listener\_arns](#output\_https\_listener\_arns) | The ARNs of the HTTPS load balancer listeners created. |
| <a name="output_lb_dns_name"></a> [lb\_dns\_name](#output\_lb\_dns\_name) | The DNS name of the load balancer |
| <a name="output_lb_zone_id"></a> [lb\_zone\_id](#output\_lb\_zone\_id) | The zone\_id of the load balancer to assist with creating DNS records |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
